what's up everyone I'm pics let me
revive my name is Devin but you can call
me echo and today for you we all used
sexy people out there watching this I am
bringing you some rush gameplay from
battlefield bad company 2 i'm playing on
the map africa harbor and the kit i'm
using is the assault kit now i am using
the first assault rifle in the assault
kit because i didn't have anything
unlocked when i played this game yes
that's right oh no not another one of
those battlefield noobs yes i am one of
those battlefield noobs but this is just
this is an introduction video I'm gonna
let you know now that way no one freaks
out has a seizure whatever you know what
the weird things can happen with this
YouTube thing the gameplay you are not
going to see this whole match and I am
going to tell you my team does lose
mm-hmm guys now i'm also going to say i
was not a very large part of my team
winning because i'm really not that
great at this game as you'll see from
this gameplay there's probably going to
be many of you in the comments freaking
out having nerd rages and possibly some
nerdgasm is about some of the things i
do in this game play so yeah i just want
to get that out of the way first and
this is this an introduction wow that
was a voice crack holy shit thought i
could go one commentary without I've
always crack no it's not going to happen
but yeah anyways this is an introduction
video to me to my channel to what I do
now this is going to be this kind of
hypocritical because I just started
doing this now I didn't start doing this
the YouTube commentating thing I've
actually been doing I've had my channel
for about a year now it's going to be a
year in May so I'm almost a year old on
YouTube it's almost my birthday when I
got my HD PVR but yeah anyways I started
with the whole call of duty scene call
duty community you know I was a fanboy I
had to make those awesome 360 no scope
montage is Martin warfare two good times
good times but yeah since then oh wow
another voice crack damn it I'm not
redoing this commentary anyways let's
see going um so I was in the cod
community making montages doing
thing doing some commentaries black ops
came out I got really heavily involved
people started complaining no more black
ops echo out all this crap and all this
shit so you know I decided I was like
cod community man fuck that shit that's
too crazy for me the cod community is
just too hard to open up in to mate to
meet cool people now i have met quite a
few cool people i canna listening names
but i have met a lot of cool people to
the cod community but see the thing is
for me is I really want to go somewhere
with this YouTube thing and the cod
community just wasn't for me and also I
wasn't having fun playing call duty
anymore so I decided to pick a
battlefield and I'd give it a try
because I really always left this game
out in the dust because call duty was
always on my front dashboard now I'm
sure there are probably a lot of you
guys out there watching this that that's
probably the feeling and if you're
feeling that you want to try a new game
and you'll have fun with it trust me get
battlefield bad company 2 it is a blast
even though I suck major donkey nuts
sack at this game it's fun as hell and I
love playing it so yeah pretty much just
this little intro to me on my YouTube
scene I start out with that but now I
really want to get heavily involved in
the battlefield community that's why i'm
posting on pixel enemy revive because i
just really i want to get involved and i
want to get involved in the battlefield
battlefield scene and i want to get good
at battlefield before battlefield 3
comes out because I've feeling
battlefield 3 is going to be pretty big
so yeah that's much about me and my
gaming now me as a person you know
there's really not much to know about me
i'm pretty much i'm just a I'm a chill
guy I play hockey for my high school and
for my local league in the state where I
live which is a beautiful colorado and
the united states when you can probably
tell him from the united states by now
probably being called a Yankee from some
of you Brits out there but that's
alright that's alright i say i am from
colorado i play hockey and i'm all
around just pretty chill I like the game
in my free time and yeah i like to make
these videos because i'm really into
editing i'm taking a lot of advanced
editing classes in graphic design
classes on my school
I am a freshman and I am 14 years old
gasp gasp gasp gasp gasp another young
and now this isn't a young and this
isn't like fox HD shit not that no not
that bullshit this is just me having fun
making some videos for you guys so yeah
that's pretty much that's all about me
so got some any complaints about me fuck
off I'm stuck I'm just jokin I really
like to be nice to people and I like to
establish a nice community my channel
has a very nice community I had a good
established between minecraft call of
duty and I would post some uncharted two
red dead redemption sometimes and all my
subscribers seem to get along there
aren't usually those subscriber wars
between nigh I guess now it's going to
be between my battlefield in Minecraft
content since i'm really not going to
upload ecology more so yeah also if
you're into minecraft i will be posting
that on my channel 2 I know I know jump
on the Minecraft bad but bandwagon just
do that shit but whatever whatever so
anyways now that all that boring stuff
so the way I know so many people think
that's boring let's talk about some
battlefield bad company 2 now
battlefield bad company 2 is quickly
becoming one of my favorite shooting
games I've only had it for about four
days now I believe I'm ranked 7 now I
believe this is about my this is my
first day I had it when I was recording
this so actually just actually I'm a lot
better now than I was in this gameplay
but I don't really have many games
record on my computer and I just really
want to get this out to you but this
game isn't really about the gameplay i
will be posting some matches in the
future hopefully to this channel with
gameplay good gameplay but yeah that's
the thing i want to talk about is I
really want my videos that I post to my
channel and this channel for battlefield
I want them to kind of show my
progression from being a complete noob
and making all these terrible mistakes
and just not being good at the game to
actually being decent at the game and
possibly even getting really good at the
game I have figured out a lot of new
tips and tricks but I still don't know a
lot about battlefield and I'm really
curious so yeah and my videos on this
channel I'm gonna try to really I don't
want any haters I'll telling me that I
sucked because I'm really like my
commentaries are all for fun and I like
to entertain people I'm not all about
great gameplay that's what I was about
and call
dudee and I figured that wasn't working
so we got to do something else but
eventually i will get good and i want
you guys to kind of see that so I'm
thinking that I'm probably gonna try to
do some live commentaries maybe mix it
up a bit I don't know you guys tell me
in the comments below what you want to
see me do but yeah that's pretty much
this Wow another voice crack that's
three for three three-in-one commentary
you know my record is actually eight in
one commentary but I didn't actually
post that one because it was too
embarrassing I was like hey just boys
crackin all over the place but yeah
anyways that was pretty much what I want
to talk about in this commentary thank
you for posting this to pixel enemy
revive I I love all you guys watching
this video you're all super sexy and
attractive and yes you want to come if
you want to come check out my channel
follow me see what I'm doing come check
out some of my videos I encourage you
the link is going to be in the
description and yeah you guys have a
nice day